Test 0026 review (#7)
ScreaMy7/owasp-mastg: demos/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-DEMO-0058/MASTG-DEMO-0058.md

---
platform: android
title: Implicit Intent Hijacking with same custom intent filter
id: MASTG-DEMO-0058
code: [kotlin]
test: MASTG-TEST-0026
---

### Sample

The code snippet below demonstrates the use of an implicit intent with sensitive data and a custom action, without specifying a target component.

> {{ MastgTest.kt # Android_manifest.xml # MastgTest_reversed.java }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ MastgTest.kt # MastgTest_reversed.java }}
```

### MastgTestAttacker.kt

> The attacker app defines an exported activity with a matching `<intent-filter>` that registers the same custom action, allowing it to intercept the implicit intent broadcast by the victim app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attacker app has an exported activity that includes a corresponding `<intent-filter>` which registers the identical custom action, enabling it to capture the implicit intent sent out by the victim app.
```
